[DOC-10065] Optimizer Hints Changes for Morpheus (#404)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/optimizer-hints.adoc

== Placement

> Currently, a hint comment is only supported in `SELECT`, `DELETE`, `UPDATE`, and `MERGE` statements.

Reviewer: Flagging changes for long-term users of SQL++ (optional, but I think it's nice)

```suggestion
In Couchbase Server 8.0 and later, a hint comment is supported in `SELECT`, `DELETE`, `UPDATE`, and `MERGE` statements only.
```

.Explain plan for <<ex-simple-hint>>
[source,sqlpp]
----

> EXPLAIN 

Reviewer 2: instead of replacing the current SELECT example, I would suggest we leave the current ones alone, and add a new section to highlight the UPDATE examples.

Author: Reverted the change to keep the SELECT example as is. 

Added two new examples to highlight hint usage in UPDATE and DELETE statements.
Link to the examples - https://preview.docs-test.couchbase.com/docs-devex-DOC-10065-optimizer-hints-8.0/server/current/n1ql/n1ql-language-reference/optimizer-hints.html#ex-update-hint-explain

.Explain plan for <<ex-json-hint>>
[source,sqlpp]
----
EXPLAIN

> UPDATE /*+ {"index": {"keyspace": "airport", "indexes": "def_inventory_airport_city"}} */ airport

Reviewer: Adding line breaks to avoid sideways scrolling

```suggestion
UPDATE /*+ {"index": {"keyspace": "airport", "indexes": "def_inventory_airport_city"}} */
airport
```
